# Team 4 Kick-Off
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Start/End:** 10/11/2022, 7:20, 8:46   
**Meeting Location:** Zoom   
**Note Taker:** Jeremy  
**Objective Statement:** Perform Group Kick-Off by defining major planning points of the teams structure and rules by defining roles and developing the team contract.

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Alvin
- Andrew
- Brian
- Chi
- Jeremy
- Liam
- Noah
- Xuying
- Yinlong

People absent:
- Jiseung

## Agenda

Item | Description
---- | ----
Define Roles  | • Roles found below. Each person has multiple roles. May decide later to have role leads
Smaller Groups  | • To be determined |
Meeting Times/Location  | • Main Meeting on Saturday at 10am @Geisel. Will reserve rooms for each week. Meeting will be hybrid. Andrew will reserve next week's Geisel room <br>• Smaller teams will meet each week before the main meeting. Each smaller team will have a notetaker (cycles each week) who will upload meeting notes <br>• |
Note-taking Format  | • Will use template meeting .md file. Each sub team will make one, which will then be compiled into something for the main meeting by the week's main note-taker (on cycle) |
Meeting Format  | 0) Week's note taker will fill out agenda items based on the group meetings (before meeting)<br>1) Take attendance and go over the reason for the meeting <br>2) Outline what the agenda has<br>3) Go through agenda items <br>4) Summarize what was said during the meeting <br>5) Ask if there are any remaining thoughts before ending meeting <br>• Smaller teams will use same format (though they won't necessarily be compiling prior meeting minutes) |
Develop team contract | •  Will be done asynchronously through slack
Branding, Group Page and Video Planning  | • Will have in person recording and planning at Wednesday's discussion <br>• Remaining members will record their own video to send in (people may get together for this if they would like)

## Decisions
Item | By Who? | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Team Name | group vote 6.5/9 | Mariposa (Project Mariposa?) |
Role: UI | choice | @Alvin Mangaliman @Jeremy Lei @Brian_Dinh @Noah Terminello @Andrew Man |
Role: Backend | choice | @Brian_Dinh @Andrew Man @Yinlong Mi @Xuying He @Liam Golly |
Role: Github Repo | choice | @Chi Zhang @Jeremy Lei @Liam Golly @Alvin Mangaliman |
Role: DevOps | choice | @Chi Zhang @Noah Terminello |
Role: Testing | choice | @Andrew Man @Xuying He @Yinlong Mi @Brian_Dinh |
Meeting type | vote | Hybrid Weekly Meeting (kind of by defaul due to mixed vote)|
Note-taking/group format | collective agreement? | compile group meeting notes into the main weekly one |


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | Group Contract | everyone | 10/16 |
| | Video/Brading/Image | everyone | 10/16 |

## Unfinished Items
| Item | Who | When |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Figuring out Smaller Groups | everyone | Next Saturday |
| Clearer Role Defining | everyone | Next Saturday |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
