*# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** meeting_date, meeting_time, end_time   
**Meeting Location:** meeting_location   
**Note Taker:** note_taker  
**Objective Statement:** reason_for_meeting  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Alvin
- Andrew
- Brian
- Chi
- Jeremy
- Jiseung
- Liam
- Noah
- Xuying
- Yinlong

People absent:
- Hopefully no one is absent

## Agenda

| Item                       | Description                                                                              |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Review UI Wireframes       | • Gather feedback <br>•Make changes <br>• Discuss settings and stats                     |
| Discuss Backend Filesystem | • Create structure for source files in repo <br>• Discuss scope                          |
| Finalize pitch             | • Include wireframes in presentation <br>•Finalize repo organization for pitch materials |

## Decisions
 | Item      | By Who? | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
-----------|  --------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| UI Design | team    | • No suggestions on search <br> • If a song is in a playlist but not in the user's library, do not show it.<br> • Display a default album art for tracks missing covers<br> • user statistics will be opt in only if we have them <br>• tentatively using mixmatch logo with three circles                                                             |
| Backend  | team    | • Record minimal stats per song in metadata and do user stats from there<br>  • At minimum support .ogg and .mp3, but will be able to support most modern filetypes without limits on metadata <br> • four organizational folders in src/musicplayer main, preload, renderer, html<br> • Will be using jsdoc for documentation<br> • bundle ffmpeg<br> |
| styling   | team    | • camelCase<br>  • Backend style will continue off of code in the repo.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Repo      | team    | • keep repo clean <br> • two important branches outside of main branch and outside of main, dev and notes<br> •No branch protection on these two branches. <br>                                                                                                                                                                                        |
